Twins' Fast Attack... Twins' Fast Attack
Twins' Fast Attack
Minus Tempo Minus Tempo ...Minus Tempo... Back Back
...Back!
This position.
This timing.
This angle.
We We don't don't ne ne ed ed the the me me mo mo ri
ri es es
It's all perfect!
Inarizaki Karasuno Inarizaki Karasuno Inarizaki
Karasuno Inarizaki Karasuno Inarizaki Karasuno
Karasuno
Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu
Haikyuu !
!
Haikyuu
We're not gonna quit now, we're not stopping here, we're not giving up
We're in the direst of straits We understand all that
But we're not quitting now, we're not stopping, we're not giving up
'Cause if we give up now It'll all be over
If we don't step up to the challenge, we'll never get a taste
Of the most exhilarating time of our lives
There's always been something we've lacked, something missing
Haven't you also hungered for it?
So we'll be coming at them fair and square
We're gonna play out this reality, all the sweet and all the sour
We wanna come straight at you with the greatest of finesse
We're torn toward that delight because that seems like the most fun
So there's no way we're giving up now
Not until we've tasted it all and are left grinning
So let's start smiling
Episode Twenty-five: The Promised Land
The Tokyo Metropolitan Gymnasium is absolutely shaking from the roar of the crowd!
Seriously, what the hell are you two?! Damn it, you jerks!
Right. That's our cue.
Let's go.
We messed around too much, Tsumu.
You're right, Samu.
Did you see my block, Kageyama?
I'm the one who stopped that.
No, it was me.
It was me!
Hello?
Crap! I got all worked up and called him.
Er, sorry for calling out of the blue. This is Anabara. Um...
I saw.
Oh, right. Yes, of course.
Thank you very much!
I was shocked.
Karasuno High School advances to the top 16.
One of the favorites, Inarizaki High School, led by the Miya Twins, is out after their first match.
It's only day two of the spring tournament, but we've just seen will be one of the biggest upsets of the tournament!
See you again, Tobio.
Sure.
Shouyou.
Yes?
Which one is he?
I'm gonna be setting to you one day.
But before that happens,
I'm going to crush you at the interhigh, so you'd better be ready.
Talk about a sore loser.
What?! I didn't lose!
The hell are you saying?!
I mean—
Fly Fly Gather 'round!
Nice match!
Ryuu!
That was the best!
Thank you!
If we didn't have them cheering for us, Inarizaki would've overpowered us.
I can't thank them enough.
Thank you so much!
You guys are awesome!
We don't need the memories We don't need the memories
Insult us already.
Losers don't need applause.
Shut your trap, Atsumu!
Huh?
You always wear your heart on your sleeve!
Every good match deserves praise, you dumbass.
When an adult says, "The process matters more than the results," kids aren't really gonna understand.
I think you're the odd one out here, Kita.
Osamu Osamu Osamu Atsumu Atsumu
Atsumu Osamu Osamu Osamu Atsumu
Atsumu Atsumu Osamu Osamu Osamu
Atsumu Atsumu Atsumu Osamu Osamu
Osamu Atsumu Atsumu Atsumu Osamu
Osamu Osamu Atsumu Atsumu Atsumu
Osamu Osamu Osamu Atsumu Atsumu
Atsumu Atsumu Osamu Osamu Osamu
Osamu Osamu Atsumu Atsumu Atsumu
Osamu Osamu Osamu Atsumu Atsumu
Atsumu Atsumu Atsumu Osamu Osamu
Osamu Osamu Atsumu Atsumu Atsumu
Osamu Osamu Osamu Atsumu Atsumu
Osamu Atsumu Atsumu Atsumu Osamu
Osamu Osamu Atsumu Atsumu Atsumu
Osamu Osamu Osamu Atsumu Atsumu
Thank you very much!
Inarizaki was one of the favorites for the tournament.
Where do you think things went wrong?
In order to win this match, we probably should've been more aggressive.
That was my mistake.
However,
there's no doubt that the players made great strides today.
Say...
S-Sorry—
Are you two trying to feel a little relief by apologizing?
That's not it at all!
I know, I know. My bad.
But only apologize when you truly feel bad.
I don't think you were wrong to use that fast attack either.
I thought it was going to get through.
Though...
I hate when you do stuff in matches that you don't do in practices.
Those were the worst two guys to receive that fast attack.
Yeah.
When you guys are really on your game, everyone else usually gets left behind.
But apparently this time, they were really on their game too.
You felt exhilarated, didn't you?
It's not every day we get to have a match like that.
Good for you.
Kita was smiling just now, wasn't he?
Yeah... He smiled a few times during the match too.
Huh?
Seriously?
Still...
losing sucks.
We did everything we could,
and I don't have any regrets.
In the end, results are just a byproduct.
But I wonder what it is...
"Well? Isn't my team amazing?"
I wanted to say that even more.
Please keep saying it.
We'll be juniors you can brag to your grandkids about.
Well, I look forward to that.
Come on. Let's hurry up and get changed.
National High School Volleyball Tournament
Boys' Teams Baggage Storage Area
Tanaka, how long have you been like that?
Put some clothes on.
Aight.
Tsukki! You've got two jackets on!
This is the first time I've seen Tsukishima about to shut down.
Well, he jumped plenty today.
Nishinoya! Don't fall asleep there!
The one who usually passes out first is surprisingly awake.
Yeah.
Maybe he can't actually sleep because he moved around so much.
Today, I'm pretty sure I witnessed someone else having that moment.
The second day of the spring tournament.
That's the day that he sunk one level deeper into being hooked on volleyball.
Haikyuu!!
Fukurodani Morikawa
Yeah!
Karasuno (Miyagi)
Inarizaki (Hyougo)
Hey, Karasuno beat the Miyas!
You didn't notice?
Didn't you hear all that ruckus?
Why would I know what's going on outside of my match?
Well, yeah.
Guess one of the favorites is out.
Man, I wanted to play the Miyas!
What? Seriously?! I definitely don't.
It's true that Bokuto is actually concentrating today.
He had a hard time getting into the match yesterday at first, but ever since, he's been in great form.
No, I need to stop.
The more I think about this, the greedier I get, and things go wrong.
I just need to be methodical.
Yes, methodical.
Akaashi's definitely overthinking things again.
That was amazing!
I think I might become a Karasuno fan.
Hey, who's Karasuno playing next?
Nekoma.
That's the team you guys played against, right?
Who do you think is going to win?
I'm not sure.
But I don't think you can underestimate Karasuno's enthusiasm.
I see.
Karasuno sure is on a roll.
What do you wanna do tomorrow? Should we come watch?
Yeah, sure.
I'm looking forward to Karasuno's match tomorrow!
It can't be easy stopping that attack.
Right?
And this Nekoma team they're up against seemed sorta bland.
They're totally no match for Karasuno.
Piece of cake.
Oh, you'll be eating those words.
Jaybird Inn Jaybird Inn
And that concludes our story about a snake jealous of a cat.
It must be hard being that snake.
Okay, and next up is sports.
Yamashita!
Here it is!
National High School Volleyball Tournament Day 2 of the Boys' and Girls' Matches!
Today was the second day of the National High School Volleyball Tournament.
The seeded teams were added in and both the boys' and girls' teams started round two.
Something unexpected happened in one of the boys' matches.
The second match of the day on Court A was between Inarizaki High School, led by the superb Miya Twins,
and an old guard from Tohoku.
This team also has a first-year setter who was invited to the All-Japan Youth Camp, Kageyama Tobio.
This is the team that's super-aggressive on offense, Karasuno High School.
The Miya Twins gave Karasuno a lot of trouble with their flawless team play.
On the other side was Karasuno's "raider captain," Tanaka Ryuunosuke.
Maybe he was trying too hard, but he couldn't seem to get on his game.
Man, this hurts.
Even in the second set, Karasuno's blockers couldn't seem to stop middle blocker Suna Rintarou's fast attacks.
It only seemed like it! That's all!
Yamaguchi, shut up.
Karasuno couldn't take the second set, but then they definitely turned the tables in the third.
Hey! Look! It's me!
Holy crap, your face, Suga.
Yeah, that's not very flattering... Hey, it's Shimizu!
Hey! They're totally keeping the camera on Shimizu for way longer!
She's so beautiful.
Hey! It's Asahi!
You look like you've killed a man or two in that shot!
So cool!
What?
Is that really what I look like when I'm concentrating?
You sure do.
See? See that?! My receive!
Did you see that, Kageyama?!
Nope!
Well, look!
Kinoshita!
Damn you!
Shut up!
How embarrassing...
How come you're out here, Bokuto?
Aren't you going to watch TV?
We already did.
Well, I mean, you usually watch it on repeat a hundred times.
Who the heck do you think I am?
I wasn't on camera that much, so watching it 20 times is plenty.
So you actually watched it 20 times.
Well...
I'm gonna still be playing volleyball after high school,
so I really didn't think things were that different, even though this is my last high school tournament.
Man, I really wish I could play with you guys more!
You're not going to die, are you, Bokuto?
Huh? I plan on living until I'm 130 years old.
What are you talking about?
It's only the second day.
The third round, the quarterfinals, the semifinals, the finals...
The road ahead is still long.
Yeah.
And we're gonna win all of them.
All right, let's hurry inside.
The flu and the norovirus are going around.
You can't underestimate January.
January?!
Man... Kageyama just gets more and more amazing.
I think I'm just gonna ask for his autograph now.
You know he probably hasn't figured out his own autograph yet.
He'll just write his name.
All right, I'll come up with one for him!
I'll even add a heart in there.
Yeah, don't.
Tanaka was really great today too.
That awesome cross-court spike!
Followed by that razor-sharp straight spike!
His rebound toward the end was insane.
He seems like the last person who'd play so calm and collected.
If we're talking calm and collected, that's Tsukishima.
How does he keep gradually narrowing down the attackers' paths? Is he some kind of master craftsman?
I'd definitely just go for the ball.
Oh yeah, and then there was Hinata's receive today.
Man, that was a shocker.
I mean, that dig was something,
but that last point... Hinata managed to bump Tanaka's rebound super high.
Oh yeah!
He did!
I totally cried!
I mean, I can't blame you.
You know, watching those guys...
I don't want to lose to them.
Of course, you never want to lose against your opponents...
But I don't want them to beat us either!
Exactly.
Hey, don't you go trying that insane cross-court spike tomorrow.
What are you talking about?
Like I have the guts to do that.
Dude, just do it!
At least lie and say you can!
Come on, now!
Yeah, come on.
Women 's Bath Women 's Bath
Hey, I know that one. It smells really good.
All the girls in my class use it.
Oh, but you know,
I heard you're not supposed to use soap on your face or body all the time.
What?!
But I always scrub as hard as I can!
I guess I'll try to copy you tomorrow then, Shimizu.
It's pretty embarrassing being watched like that.
You sure are energetic today, Hinata.
I just can't calm down after that match!
I wanna have another one right away!
Creepy.
Tsukishima!
You weren't being sarcastic there, were you?!
You're gonna hurt my feelings!
What was that for?!
Shut up.
Hinata... What?!
The word "consistent" has always described Nekoma High School very well.
After gaining an aggressive new middle blocker, they're bringing their offense and defense to new heights.
Karasuno seems to be on a roll right now, so hopefully Nekoma can put up a good fight.
You jackass! Don't make it sound like we're weaker!
As for the girls' side, one of the favorites, Niiyama Girls', managed to win and move on to the next round.
Well, everyone's saying that Karasuno's better than us.
What?!
They've beat plenty of good teams.
You dumbass! We're only here because we've defeated good teams too!
Hey! Why'd you only get your bed out?!
Really? But I mean...
Do you really think we could've beaten Ushiwaka or the Miya Twins?
Hey, don't leave it at that!
We'll never know unless we try!
Also, rock might crush scissors, but it loses against paper!
Well, it doesn't really matter.
We came all the way here to play them and find out who's better.
Kenma probably won't care if they happen to lose.
Huh?
But I'm gonna beat him!
Wow, it's totally dark.
The heat flickers
Sorry, Akane. I just got so caught up in our conversation.
Sweat glitters on my skin Shouts echo and shoulders hit
Don't worry! I called my mom.
We asked the sky through the open window
What our summer would be like Tell me, Mr. Future
Come on, come on, come on The chance is there
Come on, come on, come on Do it together
Everybody always wants to stand there
Make mistakes, get angry, and struggle
We'll never give up We don't want it to end
I will continue on with my imagination
Rather than an answer in a textbook
I wanted to be blown away with emotion
This thing that filled my heart with excitement
Was all I could believe in at the time, Mr. Future
Hello, hello, hello Can't you hear me?
Hello, hello, hello Give me an answer
I want to struggle and fall and become stronger
I want to persevere, stand back up, do it again
And never give up Let me run
I will run to where my imagination leads me
The second you lose is the second you can start over
Even if right now you taste the bitterness of defeat, baby
Someday that'll change
Everybody always wants to stand there
Make mistakes, get angry, and struggle
We'll never give up We don't want it to end
I will continue on with my imagination
I will continue on
Guess I get to finally show you the Battle of the Garbage Dumpster!
The Battle of the Garbage Dumpster, is it?
Huh?
After I started this facade of teaching strangers for a while,
I tried to get players to do the same thing as me,
or things I tried to do but couldn't.
But one day, I started wondering how they felt about that.
In the end, they're not me, nor are they my pawns.
I finally realized the obvious, and my teachings weren't a facade anymore.
This is all harder than it sounds.
But you, you're a natural.
It's probably a good thing that you suck at volleyball.
What?!
You think I'm just trying to show you the Battle of the Garbage Dumpster for your sake?
The ones who want to beat Nekoma more than anyone else right now are my boys.
They're not the team you've held a grudge against for so many years anymore.
So you'd better just look forward to it.
Thank you for watching!